docs(tutorial): update framework webpack tutorial (#499)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/build-app/framework-integration/angular.md

import '@refinitiv-ui/elements/text-field/themes/halo/dark';
import '@refinitiv-ui/elements/password-field/themes/halo/dark';
```

> If you're using webpack 4, you can setting alias `webpack.config.js` similar to [Vanilla](./tutorials/vanilla-js#webpack-4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using webpack 4, you can set path aliases in `webpack.config.js` similar to [Vanilla](./tutorials/vanilla-js#webpack-4).
```
